ok
I sleep on average five and half
hours a day and on the weekends
I sleep in and sleep for
seven-and-a-half hours
that being said if I have an
opportunity to take a nap
no matter what else is going on
i'm taking a nap so maybe in
total of seven days it'll it'll
come up higher than five and a
half hours but in any given 24
hours it's five and half over to
me sleep remains one of the most
curious things about animals
event explaining sleep to an
alien but what you gonna do now
well i'm going to lay down and
be semi-comatose for a third of
a day
check back with me later what
what why I don't know my body
needs it
why I don't know it's just a
little embarrassing in a
conversation with aliens or
maybe the aliens sleep more but
we take sleep as a given when I
can imagine life forms that
don't require it at all
what a waste of productive time